[Music]
walking down the street introduction to
the song I got a gun got a term in their
gun genes within machines within
practice some around practice on the
flow G 16100 genes within machines
within and father haters much love no
hey I don't know what's really one space
I don't give an F walking down the
street
hatchet crews singing happy Halloween
working them around working on the song
I got gun got a terminator gun scenes
with them machines within ya you have a
gene what you think I think it keeps
giving yeah we didn't know how are we to
know that that that song would just keep
growing we wouldn't know know that was
by Kinsey from Albuquerque oh thank you
the country version can we talk about
the thing we haven't talked about yet
that just happened at our house one
right now we made breakfast the nanny
was here taking care of Ellis you're
cooking eggs she was feeding him and I
think you forgot that she was here is
what I'm I'm hoping is what happened
that is what happened and you've ripped
a huge fart oh but you also did the dad
thing were you like looked at me and you
major like you bet your lip face as if
to really punch it to me like look what
I'm doing yeah
clearly you forgot I know I did I told
you know why because I was cooking your
Frank bacon yeah so whenever that
happens I don't know my mind just goes
yeah and I was I was making an omelet
making sure the sides or you know you
know it going around you're saying I
thought that I was like oh here's a big
fart coming yeah that's crazy and then
you look at me and you're like she's
right she was right there yeah she
didn't obviously shouldn't say anything
no but she heard that one right she
heard it she everyone heard it the whole
house heard it dog's kid well she hears
our son for it all the time right mr.
Tom I heard you're 14 he was nice it was
it was very nice you are the fourth
champion to have a nice speech in a nice
base like mr. fighter but it's just
three it's just three suns just three
suns
yeah so she's heard this all yeah good
stuff anyways I feel terrible she's hurt
us do stuff if she hasn't figured it out
by now that were animals she's gonna
find out yeah she knows we were
disgusting there's a lot to get into
jeans so I open the show right and then
do it you know yeah get into some topics
here we were great guys got a gun got a
terminator gun
alright there we go your mom's house for
the new year
this is 2018 and what a great way to
start 2018 you guys here we go
[Music]
so this is kind of you know every year
you can't do the same thing you did the
last year so part of what we've
committed to for 2018 for the show
moving forward is kind of taking on a
little more of a Christian angle yes and
sharing it with our list I think we just
lost about 80 percent of our well you
know what drivers here don't care
because I know he'll provide I know hey
hey I have too blessed to be stressed
how many works
it's the add prayer and pray I'm a
friend you know that that guy - he was
like the older guy leading it yeah he
had learned um like expressions and
phrases from within yeah hip-hop so he
said what up what up
oh come on come on like he was trying to
make a real hype man he was listen to a
lot of hip-hop yeah they don't say come
on come on what up what up it sounds so
absurd what about the punching cuz if
you're not if you're watching this on
YouTube he punches low middle high come
on come on and you can see the kid like
you know you can't make teenagers think
something's cool yeah yeah you can't you
don't really think it's cool or it's not
they really reluctantly get in and is
cool and they're all nerds and one thing
is they just haven't had their nuts
busted yet you know right cuz once you
do you're like no no Jenny's not cool
that's cool that's all horse
well that and never thought virginity
nobody thinks it I had a lot of real
influence jerking-off feels great I
can't wait to stick of course and also
if you have to tell people it's cool
yeah probably not
well yeah you're just trying to keep
them virgins and for what for God dummy
to save it for marriage so you can
procreate nice God doesn't want you to
have fun I remember when we were really
curious young you know I mean I tell a
story about my dad talking me about
masturbation on stage so I'll leave that
there but I remember my aunt we were
like what's masturbating and she's like
wait masturbation is when you have
impure acts with yourself oh my god like
okay so like should we do that and she
was like no because if you do that then
it takes away from the love and feeling
you have for your partner Wow she's
right
we're like eight years old okay oh I
guess I'll never masturbate what are you
gonna tell our son dude do it all the
times we were tried out cuz of my shows
dude in my green room do it yeah do it
when you meet people you know and also I
mean it was such a silly I went to a
Catholic school and it was such a it's
such a Herculean effort to keep children
virgins you know I mean it's such like
an uphill battle why not just be like
look you guys are fucking we had
explanations like my parents were
basically like virginity is cool feel it
feel it
my parents were like you need to shave
your vagina so yeah yeah like it's real
crazy well my parents were you know
euros so the whole thing was like if
you're going to have sex you let me know
I take you to the doctor if we get you
pills and of course I was like I'm never
telling you anything I'll go on my own
you did you know but yeah that the
message was you're gonna do it don't be
stupid you know just be safe so rip my
they didn't bring it up then they talked
about Mary
then they talked about like you know I
remember when I was dating a girl in
high school and my mom one time I was
driving her somewhere and she just goes
out of nowhere she goes I hope you are
treating her with respect
oh dear I was like I'm sorry I didn't
know she was getting - oh dear oh dear I
hope you are treating her with respect
like I'm only coming on her tits mom I'm
like yeah mom of course I treated with
respect
she's like this is you're too young to
be disrespectful Oh
disrespectful yeah I was like
[Music]
[Laughter]
disrespectful it's the word for come on
come on come on do the lead-up term come
on come on he's got them doing kind of a
Hitler Youth thing happy
you know proper credit for this this is
from everything is terrible yeah calm
this is a great site yeah we found a few
treasures on here over the years yeah
but that you pulled you oh you found
this one er it was tweeted to me oh my
one of the mommy well I got me down the
rabbit hole of of people who think
virginity like just Google virginity is
cool and you'll see a bunch of like
totally brainwashed Christian boys being
like she just wants you to save it for
the boss marriage that way is special
between the husband and and why like
they have no idea like there's 15 years
old if anything I wish I could go back
lose my virginity much younger and and
really exploit some of the women around
me at that age
yeah I agree because I think you and I
both had that's like we're both actually
I think serial monogamists in our core
like I was I was never able to be
promiscuous yeah and I kept part of me
is like I wish I could have just turned
off that button of like shame or yeah
conscience whatever
go yeah and just be kind of a slut do
you want to take time out of the
marriage and do that and then we come
back or so is that what you're saying
100% I'm serious right now I love this
idea I have the confidence so do i yeah
so how much time are we gonna I don't
know what about Ellis and stuff it's
your kid you're kidding no your kid you
gotta raise them just take them with you
do my parents did take him to Club Med
with you I need to explore
you only am i scrum let's go on what the
scrub I mean our Catholic school it was
encouraged to stay a virgin like
abstinence was the big message which is
so dumb course not
your little Catholic schoolgirl outfits
you really got to be super brainwashed
to go down that route of total app
you've got to be terrified of sex
honestly terrified terrified of sex or
terrified of your parents or terrified
of God God yeah some scary parents I'm
sure who like the kids were like oh my
god you know like they're really in fear
like mom and dad are gonna yeah they're
gonna come in they're gonna smell my
pussy at night no no that's probably not
like Jessica Simpson's dad remember when
she gave him a he gave her a wedding
ring Jessica Simpson was married to her
dad before she got married to someone
else no that's a common practice you
know that I'm a Christian community
father gives a daughter like a wedding
ring essentially it's an abstinence ring
oh my and she gets to wear it until she
gets married yeah thank God we had a boy
we yeah he can knock up some dumb bitch
I know we really got it we're gonna
fucking work on that I want to give him
birth I want male birth control to exist
and I'll just sneak it into see we gotta
scare him scare that hell yeah
you don't want no babies no and I'll try
I'll Drive in the neighbor like bad
neighborhoods and be like yeah the high
school diploma you you won't be able to
support no kids you got no kids
no no it's terrible it's why we have to
tell the virginity's cool mahalo is back
we're back from have a hollow you know
by the way I don't like nobody who
actually lives and who
does the Aloha Mahalo thing that's for
tourists yeah like when you're staying
at a hotel they're like you know I like
the v guy that walks by you in the
hallway you know like a maintenance guy
like hello ah you're like all right yeah
it's not good morning yeah yeah or even
I remember in Jamaica
I think they don't say everything is
Irie like nobody that's it that's a
white person yeah they do they go come
on come on virginity is good everything
is 80 we had a great time on vacation
that was great it was really great to
recharge the batteries take time off we
hated it man we need it and we've got so
relaxed we we went we got a rental car
we went to the island Valley's hilarious
we got a rental car only because we're
staying there like a week I think eight
days and one day like third day and I'm
like well we got to see this place at
some point it's a beautiful island you
know so I go down the front desk and I
said I want to be able to rent a car one
day and explore there yeah we could set
it up for you it's great how about in a
few more days so it's like do it on day
six and they're like okay so a day six
comes around I'm like really like
chillin at the hotel
we haven't really left the hotel know
which is a great thing that's how we do
it but it's a nice little lay on the
beach yeah chill out so it's like date
you know I go down there go there go
your cars ready you know give us your
driver's license blah blah blah and then
they say you know leave from here they
give us a map do you want to explore
this place I go he goes everyone goes
here I think it's the road Don I go okay
how far it's just gotta be like a
six-hour like a full day thing like no
now you know then it's like the next
thing she's like this one's pretty cool
when you can check out this restaurant
blah blah blah and I go how long is that
she's like I mean it's not bad that's
like a 45-minute Drive when I go all
right and she goes so when you're done
you bring the car back here to the hotel
and make sure you come back to us and
tell us to close it out
otherwise you'll be charged for
overnight parking fees they'll assume
you're keeping the car I said okay I get
in the car with you I'm not really
saying anything I'm like I'm like all
right so we're gonna go this place I
checked it out here's the map you know
then you go well why don't we stop and
get a coffee first I know you want a
coffee for the road well you've been
really hitting the Starbucks hard yeah
you've been hitting a certain beverage
order venti iced coffee extra ice with
just a splash of whole milk and I know
that's because if I don't get it right
for you I have hell to pay
yeah so you've really been hitting these
and you hooked me up for Christmas you
made me a barista
I did you got me like my own coffee
grinds Oh French press it's nice thank
you no work at Starbucks now like I did
okay so here there it is that's your
French press try it out try it out so we
we found the one Starbucks nearby or
hotel and what happened so we pull out
we drive maybe a mile down the street we
park we get a coffee and we sit down we
just sit down outside of the place and
yeah it's in there with you the rocking
chairs sitting these rocking chairs go I
gotta tell you I don't really want to
drive to it right now
yeah I don't want to do it so what do we
do like well hang out here for a minute
so it looks like we're going on for a
while just walk around there's a few
shops it's like their mall yeah we we
found the mall on Maui basically yeah
the mall so like we've basically
replicated our business my favourite in
now I'm still making an effort to try to
do something so I go into Starbucks and
obviously the people working there are
local people so first day and saw my
coffee order and then I say hey by the
way I wanted to check out something but
I don't want to drive too far so I'm
still trying to make something happen I
just don't want to do the 45 minutes
yeah
I go is there something around here like
15 you know five minutes like a
waterfall five minutes away
is there anything like semi-closed I
said when they go WOW and lady mentioned
some beach goes there's that beach I go
okay
thankfully the other lady goes that's
not 15 minutes and I go it's not she
goes no that's about 30 minutes each no
nothing around here that I could drive
to and see and the lady goes I know what
you could do and I go why she goes you
just walk down to the beach here that's
how we feel go yeah I'm good yeah she's
like yeah it's beautiful when I go I'm
staying here like I stay I'm staying on
this beach nothing I can go explore no I
go okay so we walk around we hit a
couple shops I don't know we probably
spent 30 minutes I did have one of those
delightful shaved ice things oh yeah
those are real popular I really like
that that was like the highlight of my
week there and then get in the car just
just so people understand what we did we
found the mall and we hung out at the
mall yeah uh now it's same for like we
but we did the same shit we do at home
except in Hawaii yeah but not really
planned it just kind of you know that's
kind of trash people we are yeah like I
went to the gap about some underwear but
you needed underwear I did I didn't pack
enough anyways we we didn't make we
didn't spend a whole day there we just
now like you know enough time to
convince the hotel people that didn't
sound drove somewhere I don't know then
I Drive back the same guy that had given
me the keys outside was like oh hey I go
hey
and he's like you've been eating it and
I go no no we're done with it and he was
like you're done and he just goes okay
yeah walk back in I go to the same lady
at the front desk and I go hey you can
close this out she was like oh you don't
want it later and I go no no you could
tell she wanted to say something but she
was too polite
you lazy fucking Hallie's yeah but the
thing was we were enjoying our vacation
Oh
our way that's the thing so no you can't
force it that was pretty fun though it
was a lot of fun yeah I'm glad we went
there and though he saw that beautiful
mall yeah that's a really nice man
no but seriously the beach was beautiful
no everything was amazed everything was
amazed
I flew in Oahu and did a show wahoo that
was really fun
durka durka take dark dick dark we kept
singing that song that song is playing
everywhere for Christmas that Michael
like a look look look look apparently I
also found out in Hawaii in those
islands yeah jo koy is like fucking you
know Justin Bieber Lordan mr. fucking
crazy yeah yeah he outsold you too
that's bananas dude yeah so more tickets
so bananas hey before we have our guests
coming can we play this clip from dr.
Drew's appearance oh sure we have a
guest on the way but you know I've been
dying since drew came here it is I know
and we can't stop talking because we had
this debate between us we also had this
debate and had listeners weigh in for
years it's been a lifelong thing in my
family for four decades a long time and
to have a medical doctor weigh in on
such an important issue on such a you
know something an issue close to our
hearts that's a big deal I'm reeling and
when sometimes I'd complain about the
farts she would say that you should be
grateful for the farts because farts
push the shithouse now is that true that
the arts push it up push the farts out
as farts and shit or a center sort of
disconnected phenomena obviously there's
some connection there but they they're
independent they're not just don't push
the farts out they shit roll a fart will
come out with the ship of the system
yeah and the
she said the farts pushed is no causal
relationship really I mean is this going
to be the decisive word on the issue
pretty much yeah I mean it's the first
medical person who could have a
gastroenterologist come in here if you
want and see you you know I love is how
serious dr. drew took the question oh
yeah he really handled it with like yeah
respect arts and shit or a center sort
of disconnected for them I can't believe
it I cannot believe it
I know hey and this is one of those
things that in our relationship this is
one of the first things you told me
about farts as gospel right because your
mom told you I'm like oh your mom knows
she must know yeah but I feel like it
was a listener who proposed the opposite
that shits pushed and I was like oh my
god that makes sense
yeah never thought they were completely
disconnected I would never you said that
like Santa's not real I did know
obviously there's some connection there
but there do you think that dr. drew
when he started his medical career like
a million years ago that he would be
answering that question I don't think so
what yeah that was the low is the level
of disbelief you idiots just don't push
the farts out it's just to me it's just
so counterintuitive I know it's just my
whole world is blown we had my folks
here I'm sorry that we didn't get them
the way in or see that you know they
could have waited no no you know what
your dad said to me was we were watching
home alone and he goes oh is that is
that Joe pesky and I just said yeah what
is going on man and then you said he
said Gerald Kushner he was you know I
was not in the news much lately I know
who he goes Gerald Kushner
I go who he goes Gerald Kushner and I go
Jared Kushner yeah and he's like yeah
why don't you know the name well you
talked to him about it this time
yeah I'm trying to figure it out so I
remember I talked to somebody well she's
like oh you should see a neurologist
like his brains you know I don't think
it's that serious no it's not that
serious per so I was like oh no it's not
because it's also he's been doing it for
35 years like he's been saying
everything incorrectly so I was like so
that X is out brain then its ear like
hearing maybe and then the other thing
is like are you just not paying
attention and I think that might be an
ding-ding-ding the last because he also
if you go like Gerald Kushner you mean
Jared yeah yeah like so he's like I
don't really care I was just saying
something similar to it
he he he hears the details he wants to
hear exactly selectively and kind of
fascinated by it honestly yeah well yeah
because I'm like well I don't understand
why you don't pay attention
I don't understand either and I also
don't understand why he makes so many
noises to get up like from the couch
when he was kind of he leans back and
then he makes all these sounds just to
lean forward why so many noises just to
go from here to here like I don't big
effort yeah we got a clean bill of
health I was like okay I went had my
physical I told my doctor about and he
was like neurologist it's like now dude
because it's not he's it's it's ongoing
it's gotten yeah it's not it's not
getting worse and then I realized the
time that I figured out that my dad
doesn't actually read things that I that
I think he reads yeah so that also told
me about paying attention in other words
I remember one time I was like read this
article in Newsweek I was like oh man
it's fascinating story I go you got to
read this he's like Oh give it to me
he was just sitting around the house
I gave it to him I came back you know 20
30 minutes later okey bleah he's I guess
it's it's really something then I go and
then you know to think that he'd kill
her he's like he killed her
oh my go didn't you read the article
yeah I must have missed that and I go I
don't understand how someone could say I
just read the article right and you
missed the climax like the detail of
that the Jews died in World War two and
I go what happened I got that yeah I
just asked you if you read the article
you said yeah well I just I just came
through it and I go is this how you
always read by any chance yeah and he
was like yeah and I go yeah now you know
you have like Doc's connect in your head
about something one of your parents for
you and I go I was always wondering like
how you could read fast and I was always
100 like so and then another time I read
a book and I was on a vacation with him
and it was right after the oh eight like
financial collapse and I read this
fucking 400 page book so he works in
that world I go I brought this book I
just finished it it's amazing I give it
to him and like the next day he was like
that was a really good book I go you
read that book and he was like yeah oh
my god it's 400 pages yeah yeah no I
knew a lot of this stuff in it and I go
so do you like get to things and then
skip over that part and then read the
thing and then skip over that part he's
like yeah and I'm like okay so now I'm
putting together how you collect you
know I mean yeah selective data
collection yes and the same one he
listens to either yeah he's not really
listening to
he just gleans what he thinks is vital
mm-hmm and then it's not the whole story
and then and then that's why it's like
Gerald Koosh they're interested he it's
like you know he's saying like I've got
the right idea you know like but the
thing is those are like you've never
heard it Joe peski you've only ever
heard Joe Pesci so in order to make that
adjustment you have to disregard all the
common ways Jerrod Krishna's name
yeah is so popular right everybody knows
you went to Jared it's been said in the
news a million times I think I have to
shit really you know we got that squatty
potty you like it I don't think so
really I added me honestly cuz I shit on
my tippy toes
anyways I always naturally put my tippy
toes up yeah so I feel like it's almost
too severe of an angle for me hmm are
you into it I kind of like it yeah you
mentioned that you you like the severity
well I like that it like it definitely
affects your cult you know that whole
digestive tract gets it in that that you
know equates kind of squatting yeah
spread your cheeks a little more too I
feel like I don't need that because I
actually spread them when I sit down a
little I gotta go I go shit okay this is
a nice time to take a pause you see if
our guest arrives here momentarily
okay sorry yeah we just were just been
joined by our guest Josh wolf very young
very handsome father of eight right
father of three however yeah I have
grandkids and how many yeah oh my line
so I really want to admit this yeah why
not
I have four grandkids isn't that I have
four grandkids yeah you I mean it's so
banana and you know I tried to so when
my son was when he told me he was
pregnant or the first time right and he
goes you get to pick your grandfather
name alright so I was really excited
about being able to pick my grandfather
name because there's a zero chance I'm
going with grandpa or pop or whatever
okay so my wife went with BB which I
which I like okay yeah so I I told them
I wanted to be called LeBron because I
thought it'd be really funny if they're
like where you going we're going to be
be in the Brown's house I'm like that
sounds like a hilarious like a good
place to be yeah and plus it would be
it's not grandpa yeah and so my son says
he said no and I go what do you mean no
you said I could pick it and he was like
does everything have to be a joke I'm
like yeah are you are you new but I
settled on Jojo Jojo
so it's BB and Jojo that's pretty cute
good can I tell you this is a great
segue because my parents were just here
and their grandparents and our son is
too yeah you know he's saying a lot of
words now and starting to identify
people and so my mom but they don't see
him that often that's the thing is they
see him you know because he live in
Florida so my mom is Peruvian we called
her mother Nonie and and my sister's
kids call her Yaya and I'm like so what
do you you know what's it gonna be she's
like Who am I am I known you know I go
what do you what he wanted to call you
and she's like how about none that and I
go okay sure and then I'm like my dad
who's American I'm like dad what about
you he goes I prefer grandfather I'm
like are you fucking serious bit out
grandfather at two and and also how
fucking formal is that he's like that's
what I wanted to be does he live in the
1890s pretty much plantation I think
grandfather grandfather that sounds like
something from like you know like a
1940s movie or like rent father read us
a story I think in juleps he actually
dreams of moving to those times into the
1940s yeah I'm like all right I mean you
know he dresses super formal on the most
relaxed day we talked about it you know
he's like khakis like khakis loafers
about a tucked in button-down shirt I'm
like once you wear something comfortable
I am comfortable I used to say the same
thing to my grandfather who would never
leave the house without a button-down
shirt
yeah his Fedora a jacket and I was like
you know we're just going to get
something to eat he was like yeah this
is what I wear to get some meat yeah and
also you're wearing a fedora and a
jacket and a button-down that and he
would look at me and he was like yeah
but you look like you're fucking wearing
pajamas so yeah that's crazy to think is
it because our grandparents would have
never thought of leaving the house
dressed like this much less to be seen
in front of well I ever met I didn't
tend to agree with him us you know
halfway there on certain things like for
flying you know he goes you know he's
like you should see the ways people are
fucking dressed on these planes he's
like you know when I was at
did you work coating a time why cuz I
was considered like special a special
thing to do you put on a coat and a tie
to get on a plane and I'm like that's a
little dramatic but when I see guys
board in tank tops and like to see their
armpits and you know flip flops and
you're like come on man like flip flop
on the plane is it and then the foot
comes up on them okay shoutout Cece
passenger shaming somebody cut their
toenails now cross the eye oh there he
was letting their toenails and I leaned
over so I was in the window the guy was
a guy in the aisle next to me and then
guy in the aisle next to him yeah
low-key way of saying I was in first
class but anyways so he's cutting this
and I and I said to the guy next to me I
go hey man now I go you guys say some to
him he goes what am I gonna say I go
watch and I Lee and I go Eileen I
totally gotta lean back I go hey you
can't do that and he goes I paid for
this seat and I was like yeah I paid for
this one too and he was like what I'm
just doing it over here and I was like
listen anybody who cuts their toenails
no you don't know where they're going
yeah they're shooting they're shooting
over the place right you think it's
right over here I don't know it's not
it's there everywhere it's gross man so
it's good it's like the dude at the
Trader Joe's near my house who had a a
baby possum in a BabyBjorn facing
outwards know what and I said to him I
go I go hey what's that he was a possum
I go I go I you you can't enter it in
the produce section I go you can't have
a possum in the produce section he goes
well I don't think there's any rule I go
I think there is and he goes well I'm
not leaving until somebody tells me to I
was like wait right here
someone's about to come back and tell
you to get the fuck out of here with you
baby possum yeah yeah people are too
comfortable in public it's too it's too
informal there's there's too much a lack
it's you know it's like the clothing
thing sounds like it's unrelated it's
all kind of relates to each other like
if you're wearing a tank top and your
fucking PJs and your house slippers on a
plane you're just it's that bleeds into
every part
like I'll bring a possum I think it
boils down to I think the the beginning
of social media and this whole thing
where we have to accept what everybody's
doing all the time and if we're not
accepting them
we're shaming them so the guy is like
I'm the possum guy you should be happy
for me I'm an individual yeah and I
think there's something yeah I think
there's something in the the anti
shaming culture well I think it's
starting it's good shame shame can be
good by the way yeah I shouldn't be
having a fucking possum it's
embarrassing
yeah a hundred percent not right and not
only that what what is people's
fascination guys worse than reptile guy
way worse guys normal compared to that
guy what's the fascination with people
domesticating wild animals it's like
when someone's like well I got a pet
raccoon that's a lack of an identity and
they go that's my yeah totes you know
it's like people get so I think we're
all trying to figure out who we are and
all this in life and I think sometimes
people lock into like once it's like
when someone's identity is wheat or
something and you're like yeah you know
every post is like I'm rolling a blunt
I'm smoking a joint when you're like all
right like there's any other aspect to
your life and who you are then weed it's
like becomes their only thing right is
just my whole life is weak you're trying
to like say something you're trying to
figure out who you are and you found
this one thing that you like so and
you're just like I'm going all in on the
identity you know you got it going all
in on opossum that seems like there's a
lady at Michael's arts and crafts here
yeah it's the purple lady and everything
she wears is a different shade of purple
and she's always there so that's her
thing like I'm a purple lady I want Bob
when I was in high school reminds me of
one of my friends they found the driving
and their animal lovers and they found a
dead possum on the side of the road and
a baby possum next to it so the mother
had been killed
so they took in the baby possum yeah
brought it home
started nursing it you know putting a
little bottle yeah feeding it that way
and come over and little baby possible
sitting on her shoulder I'm like you
just found this fucking possum and
they're like yep and it's wonderful and
I forget that a name for it fucking
Sheeran or whatever and you can't give
it a human and they you know all this
and then I remember it's like the next
month I come over I'm like where's the
possum do like we had to get rid of it
nurse why and they're like Claude open
the mom's face it was like right and you
just scratched you know why say
something it's a wild you know what you
you said something funny about like the
be in the purple lady and wearing
clothes I have to ask you because I did
this and I've never asked into the comic
if they did when you started doing
comedy did you have an idea going in
like these are the clothes I'm gonna
wear as a comedian yeah what was your
what was your Ike mine is the most
embarrassing how is your what was your
what was you what did you decide your
clothing was oh my fuck so I was touring
with this girl and it was hard for us to
keep talking about yeah so there's a
she's still a headliner and and it was
hard for two women to get booked and it
still is on any club week so we came
already got one last month no I remember
she did that joke I remember her I was
told one time at the Kansas City
Stanford in science he goes I already
booked two women this year I can't book
you so anyway way I had to come up with
a stupid gimmick to get bookings and I
was her fee tracked so we decided to be
naughty and sort of nice and she dressed
up as like a glowing screen grabs and
like showing photos to your friends so
embarrassing so she dressed up like a
devil and I wore a white dress and I
remember at the time I asked my
then-boyfriend fiance I go Tommy is this
bad is this embarrassing and he didn't
fucking tell them how bad it was
I honestly and this is a I'm being
totally honest but I helped us get
booked it was that bad I have to tell
you at the time yeah come on people were
doing that I I didn't think you had to I
don't think it's as like it's not the
look it's not like oh this is the
coolest thing ever it's not as shameful
as you think of it like when you showed
I know it really isn't it was like I
understood that it was like a marketing
thing and you guys weren't over the top
with it she's wearing red you're wearing
white and it was like it was so Mickey I
took a picture with a halo I agree with
Tom not really that way to hear okay
what I just said did you have one no no
I I never had one I do remember that a
picture oh no I'm so excited I I
remember thinking that so I'm like I'm
just getting into stand-up and also like
Who am I gonna be and I don't know and I
thought that like the sloppier and like
the less I put into specially staged the
better so I was wearing like t-shirts
but then like if that teacher had a hole
in it I'd be like that's that's my
comedy hole yeah and then I remember one
of my friends was like hey you know you
really you really look like shit yeah
I'm kind of trying that's what I'm going
for and he was like you know it it's not
appealing and I was like yeah but I'm
like I'm not that guy I'm not like that
yeah the clean-cut guy he goes I know
but from an audience perspective I want
to see at least something just pleasant
to look like somebody put together some
way that makes sense that you don't have
to look like this like a slob dirty I
was trying to look yeah I'm have to know
Josh's now because he brought up
I'm going to find you so what happened
was I remember Google it or no ah oh
it's right here I mean why are you the
wolf ster I did you have like a wolf
do you werewolf costume worse I remember
thinking I remember thinking to myself
right here so I remember thinking myself
alright
how am i stick out what it's gonna make
what is gonna make Josh will stick out
when they look at these guys on stead
and I thought the first thing I thought
was you know that Josh Wolf's gonna wear
vests so that's my first headshot okay I
have a polka-dotted vest underneath
that's the Hat I always wore on stage
and I had a ponytail oh and a long and
see that and a leather jacket Wow you
know you look like the guy in Windy City
heat Perry that might look at the hair
did the ponytail it's like a long I
think I have a better shot what year is
this that's gotta be a newborn
I wish there'd been a better excuse for
that this is a beautiful yeah this is
pretty girl send you the picture yeah
emails him right now yeah pull it up on
screen okay do you want that one or do
you want to look at so you know there's
a couple that's bad Josh does bad is it
I think I feel like my dad's also but it
also feels you know what I tell you this
is it worse than that no that's like the
total combination of every comedy it's
the worst headshot of all time but I was
like here's the thing I have terrible
that's really good I have terrible
terrible terrible Jew hair right and we
here at you 100% man we gotta change the
whole play now we got to change all
podcast
[Laughter]
yeah you know I got a right there yes so
I was like you know I in order forget to
get my hair I have to go to the black
salons to get the product to really what
yeah cuz the jew-fro hair is the worst
so in order to get it to look like that
I had to get it wet I had to put the
product in it and keep it in a ponytail
it took like five seconds before the
picture and then I lived down fuckin
yeah it was but the best I think was a
bad decision but I feel like okay the
vest was it kind of a 90s RB it was
within the time color me bad yeah it was
kind of hip right I guess so
you know I remember cuz I started with
with Joey Diaz and Brody and so crazy we
had long talks about this but Josh and I
did a few oddball dates remember a
couple years ago with Adama and I was
just like tell media stories well you
know Joey used to know crazy Joey you
sequence Asian a three-piece suit hmm I
can see that at 220 pounds max yeah good
now first of all I bought that shirt
with my very first structure credit card
did you not have a structure credit card
I didn't fucking love like your hand
right yes because structure for those of
us back then who didn't have any money
it made me feel fancy yeah do you know
and also I was like this is like weird
dudes with styles yeah it was right next
to the Express store they when you would
the guy go in the structure the girl
would go in the Express is a structure
thing oh yeah that's a structured yeah
that's great fall out I feel like they
had like a good kind of cornered thing
of like it was you know it wasn't cheap
but it wasn't like step above chess King
yeah right a step above chess King yeah
but not quite like it's fucking crazy
that like the structure clothes hair is
amazing you know I wish I wish you still
had this look now cuz if you did this
now you would stand out people be like
who's the 90s I would definitely lock up
jewelry around this guy Oh would you I
think
where would you that guy is the one
thing that I'm looking he is missing a
chain yeah he need don't you think he
needs a change
Jewelry jewelry jewelry I'm gonna call
this ninety five or six and how long
have you doing stand-up at this point
maybe two you know the first time I ever
not the first with a well actually the
first time ever gonna stage I was 15
really 15 and yeah
the fourth time I ever get on stage
luckily or unluckily
I had to open for Sam Kinison oh my god
it was the time was never okay I'm in
San Antonio 19 years old I think maybe
20 1920 and I did a comedy competition
contest not competition yeah at a bar
and there were five of us and I had done
comedy maybe two or three times before
when I was in high school and it's been
a while since you've done it yeah but
even at that age you know I was
basically the first time I ever got
onstage I asked the guy who put on the
show what should I talk about he said
talk about what you know and what I
really knew is that my parents fart all
the time so I did five minutes about
them farting our son yeah I closed and
it was so funny because my mom didn't
know why I was gonna talk about and so
when I walked onstage I could hear her
she was in the front row with one of
those cameras you know yeah and then I
started to talk about her farting and it
gets slower like z.z but but I closed
with the story about how we were driving
down the Mass Pike yeah when I was a kid
and my mom was farting like crazy in the
car we were in the back of the station
wagon with our head out that you know
the back window yeah and my dad pulls
over on the freeway and he goes to my
mom Ellen you gotta get out yeah and she
was like what and he goes you're killer
you're really killing the car you got to
get out she goes what do you want me to
do he goes I don't know walk it off
something so she walked up and down the
side of the highway for like five
minutes party just letting it air out
you know she's like a walk farter
yeah so those are the jokes I'd done
yeah that's solid I go to San Antonio I
do my stand-up that's you for like by
the way a third or fourth time right
yeah so I go I win because the bar was
packed full of my friends yeah Sam
kinnison's coming to town his opener
Carla bow
you know Carla yes so Carl's dad at the
time and I think I hope I'm not Minh
Minh this up but I think that's his dad
had died of AIDS I think is what he had
died his dad but he died for something
on the way to San Antonio they need a
new opener for Sam Kinison so they go
hey who won that comedy competition oh
no and so I get a phone call in my dorm
room oh hey do you want to open for Sam
Kinison and I believe the name of the
club in San Antonio was sneakers and
weight to be clear at this time
is he a huge megastar at this time huge
megastar okay so it's not like that's
kind of yeah he's working know he's Sam
Kinison okay
he's Sam Kinison and he's Sam Kinison to
the point where he's at at the point of
his career where he's told everybody
he's sober all right
he's not so he's not yeah but it was the
90s you didn't have the Internet's all
you to do is say I'm sober and people
like he's yeah that's the end of that so
here's a talk about fashion by the way
here's how confused I am when I show up
I am wearing black cowboy boots with the
silver ding at the tip I have basically
white acid-washed pretty baggy jeans I'm
wearing I'm confused cuz I don't know
what to wear I'm wearing a blue
button-down shirt not tuck no I'm sorry
tucked in with the one of those thin
black belts I have my hair it that hair
in a ponytail mm-hmm and I'm wearing
that black leather jacket I showed you
in the first over over my blue
button-down shirt tucked into my
acid-wash jeans you look like such a
dick the biggest dick in the world and
I'm standing in front of a crowd you
know as comedians when people are there
to see there
and that it's Tennessee yeah and it's
not at a comedy club it's at a rock club
to tell me I have so much anxiety like
do you do okay
so do you know how much material you
have fourth time on stage oh man should
you be standing in front of a rock crowd
like that sold-out sold-out energy one
of the roof because he's he's the first
rock n'roll comedian oh yeah do you know
what I mean
so it's people are not sitting down
either it's the first time especially I
had ever seen anything like that it's a
fourth time on stage I don't know what
I'm doing
no emcee no no I'm sick just voice of
God no to bring out you and the GUP cold
is like death and like they it would
have been Carlisle probably doing just
slinging jokes for like 25 minutes just
well that was my time 25 minutes no do
you know how much material I had that
farting bit yeah I had like three and a
half if I stretched it a little bit you
know what I mean sweating right so tough
I walk on stage and I and this is how
poorly it went by it by and I have I'm
supposed to do 25 minutes this is how
poor they went by minute four maybe five
they had already stopped heckling me and
they were just talking to each other
they had stopped I was doing so poorly
they had just started talking to each
other that's good so for the next 20
minutes you stayed up there that long
stayed up the whole time
I even repeated because I only had five
minutes of material
I opened would fight that five closed
with the same five because I even said I
was like hey for those of you who came
in late who might have missed the first
five minutes of the set because I knew I
had five minutes left and I didn't know
what the fuck were you trying how do
they time sets then I had a little clock
yeah okay to show night no no does
anyone show you mercy
like are you pulled off stage and not
only am I not shown mercy bill his
brother and manager yeah clearly didn't
watch my set
and after how's it going man everything
after Sam set and Sam was visibly fucked
up the first show yeah so they were like
oh man
how's he he was like listen man for this
second show we're going to try to get
Sam straightened out so we may need you
to stretch a little bit no I was like I
almost feel like saying did you not
watch the first show I was hoping
instead of this we would do some of this
yeah you know we could shorten it
instead of lengthen it so he was like
look over to me at about 20 minutes and
if I start to do this you gotta stretch
it's terrible
they don't know they're working with a
guy was tender staying up for time at 18
minutes yeah because I know at 20 I
gotta look over them I literally start
to flop sweat because I'm thinking if I
have to do a minute more than I did in
the Early Show
I don't know I'm worse they're drunker
oh yeah it's late it's kinnison's crowds
they've been the show so I can show
started late they've been waiting
outside for 45 minutes like caged
animals and they finally got let loose
on me it was a shit show I ended up
doing 30 the second show oh my god but I
will tell you something and it was maybe
the worst to worst sets I've ever had in
my life for a bunch of reasons but you
know what it did very early on it just
showed me I can whatever happens it's
never gonna get worse than that because
the same thing happened that second show
they just stopped paying attention to
that I was even there
do you remember getting paid I didn't
get paid it was just like uh do you want
open for Sam Kinison that's it $0 do you
remember what you were saying up there
oh yeah yeah I do it was not it was not
great Hey Dude crowd work did you try
them I did one joke about how I had just
read about how there was a guy who died
and his wife still wanted to have this
is true the news story his wife still
wanted a babies with the with the guy
and after he died told the doctor how do
I still have babies for this guy
and the joke was I mean that's terrible
can you imagine being that doctor just
like all right right so it was a fake it
was a joke what a doctor jerking off a
dead guy not a bad joke actually not
terrible and I'm messing up a little bit
of the setup but that was the closure
right so what you're talking about which
I agree with you not bad for the
terrible but not a closer
you must had some some people have some
chuckles in that crowd right a few I
don't think so I think I had some I
think I I think it was that venue well
so I think you know looking back on
things they grow in scope sometimes and
I'm it's been however many years I was
more than twenty years I but had to be
rock club in San Antonio 500 people yeah
seems about right
but I was rough and I will say that is
probably one of the tougher crowds to do
because you're that guy was a rock star
so you've got that rowdy energy you've
got people highest fuck drunk as fuck
Candis and Kinnison was a screamer and
high energy so you that's your audience
that's terrifying and I find they're not
chill at all I'm intimidated a little
bit by comedy audiences who are standing
yeah I would hate to be the audience
they were all I just did a new this year
where they said you know it's a 300
seats but we can get in another 150 you
know standing which means you'll make
this much more and I go I'll take the
less money yeah I go I don't know
someone do that to people either I don't
like it I I don't like the show it's not
fun for you right and for them they're
uncomfortable yeah at what an ting for
Ana they're also much more inclined to
not watch what's in front of them if
you're standing you're like hey what's
up you're shifting it's so stupid at
what point did the two of you start cuz
you said I'm doing that because it's not
fun for me Yeah right at what point did
you start doing that in your
we were like you know what it's
important that this is also fun for me
few years ago has it to change
everything for you yeah and it's also
like it's also an ongoing thing like in
other words with like with this this
past year I learned things that I'll
apply to next year like what I really
don't enjoy going out more than two
weekends a month me neither I really
don't it's not fun I it starts to just
it puts stress on my life on my home I
don't enjoy it it the fun is not as
there and then also the show's become
less fun because it's too many shows you
start getting burned out from like it's
not fun to say that bit anymore cuz I
said a thirty times you know you know
what I find that happens to me when I go
out too much this is I don't know oh and
no I'm I did this year a few times no
under any circumstances three show
Saturdays no I won't do that either no
and they always get you on there like
you'll get the door and I don't think
jokes she told ya and by the way that's
the whole thing like I know it's my job
but I also want it to be enjoyable
totally cuz it's enjoyable for you it's
enjoyable for that they made you having
fun a hundred percent and I found the
more I go on the road in particular
which is why I'm making a concerted
effort to get on town go to get on stage
more in town I don't know if this is
gonna come across right if Allah Turkey
articulated correctly but I think the
more I'm on the road the worse I of a
comic is yeah absolutely right
yeah because you pick up bad Road bad
road habit I've done that and I start to
be some shows not that they're not
getting a good shows but artistically
I'm on autopilot discovering and I'm not
I'm not when I'm what'm board isn't the
right word either but when I'm on
autopilot I'm not taking chances yeah
totally do you guys find the same thing
when I first became a headliner
especially as a woman I felt that
pressure of like I got a fucking kill a
dude like I'm headlining The Improv I'm
one of maybe four women yeah let do that
so I better kill this shit and I found
myself like just working on killing more
than being creative and coming up with
those bits that are gonna make your I
did that the whole this whole past year
I did that exam
thing and I didn't honestly it was a
conversation with Rogen last night at
the Comedy Store last night last night
he says him to me and it just was like a
I was like oh my god that's why he
always does that
yeah that's that's fucking what was it
well actually he mentioned something you
said oh he was like he said he said
Tommy talked about you know don't do
those dance moves on stage oh yeah yeah
and the dance moves are things that I do
on the road because I know look I don't
and when I say dance moves I don't want
people to think that they're getting
cheated know if they're still there
enjoying the dance moves yeah a lot of
course they really are yes it was kill
they go to though but that's the thing
when you it's it's more it's less about
cheating the audience I'm not shooting
them they're having a good time it's
more about cheating myself yeah right
because I'm relying on something that I
know is gonna work but I'm not
challenged add feeling about there's a
part in one story that I know if I make
this face with this move yeah but I'd
rather just the words but sometimes I'm
like but the face in the move they love
the face of the man I heard I think Jim
Norton used the expression muscling a
joke yeah you can get a laugh because of
the way you you know there's certainly
you can say it or make a move basically
aggressively get the laugh but it's not
it's not funny stand alone like you just
saying it like there's certain bits you
know like certain lines let's say it's
like oh but here's the thing is there
anything wrong missing the bit because I
brought this up with my shrink once cuz
I was like I feel like a fraud if I'm
doing something a little you know she's
like yeah but you're you're doing your
job it feels hacky to you maybe it feels
cheaper to you but that's all yeah I
think no there's nothing wrong with it
and here's the thing it's all about how
you feel about it doesn't matter if the
highest-level comedian tells you it's
okay to feel this way you should feel
this if you feel a certain way about a
line or an expression or something in
your act
and you just doesn't sit well with you
that's the only instinct you should
trust do you know what I have I found in
and after talking to Joe last night and
because I did not sleep a lot last night
just thinking because I found myself as
I analyze my last year on the road
trapped between what I know that I do
well on stage and who I want to be on
stage yeah very interest does that make
sense okay so here's what I know I do
well on stage I'm look I tell people at
the beginning of every one of my shows
man I hope you didn't come here to learn
anything like this is that's not the
show just turn your brain off like we're
not talking politics
I tell stupid stories like that's how it
goes yeah but part of me when I watch
Rogan and burn like oh that's how I want
to deliver it but you know you mentioned
something about there's been something
I've always wanted to do on stage but
just because we have such a tiny
community about how you're judged I've
just never done it but my live shows
have exploded it's not the right word
but it's been a great thing for my live
shows I love and I've always loved what
I loved about Sandra I love those stupid
fucking songs he's saying mm-hmm because
they were fun there are a lot of fun and
so my thing in the last couple years on
stage has always been like hey you're
not gonna learn anything this show is
just about having fun like I want you to
leave here like you had a good time and
that's my concern but it's okay being
that guy it took me up until two years
ago to beef to feel that because I was
so concerned you know you weren't making
you want respect from your peers percent
with I'm hundred percent with you
because also the the comics that are
celebrated and talked about the most
it's because they provide like some
insight yes right but those are the
blends that the press celebrates and the
press publicizes oh the insight from you
know like Louie was very insight you
know I say was because he died but yeah
but you know I mean like that that was
like they were higher that high level
but then I started because I would have
the same insecurity like oh you know
like I have shows and I have fun at the
show and I feel like the audience is
laughing but like I'll never be regarded
as high level because I don't provide I
don't have like some great intellectual
insight where they go I never thought of
it that way and like the way you do like
here at Anu like a bur bit where you're
like oh my god the way he breaks that
thing dancing so I would feel like
really shitty about that but then I
would think about okay so he's like that
like patents like that I'm like all
those guys are just you know that's
another level they're just so much
better and so much smarter then I
started thinking about other comics who
were really highly celebrated who it was
just they're just so funny and then like
the first one who I fell in love with
would stand out to me which was Eddie
Murphy anyway nobody talked about how
Eddie Murphy viewed this thing from such
a crazy insightful angle they were just
like he's the funniest fucking guy and
I'm not saying like you know so be Eddie
Murphy but my thing was that I would
feel better about myself thinking that
like that dude show was just about being
funny mm-hmm
Kevin Hart's another one there could
there can't be a bigger more famous
comedian on the planet it's not cuz he's
just extrapolating this one idea it's
because he's himself he has a lot of fun
up there
and he's just a naturally funny dude
right you know so I would always think
about those dudes when I would feel
badly about not being the other guy yeah
and like and I it's it sucks because you
start comparing your is natural you go
like well I'm but I'm not these five
guys you know yeah then you realize that
like you don't have to be those five
guys those guys are who they are that's
that's what they bring to stand up but
there's great examples of people who are
just funny having fun who are
essentially saying don't come here to
learn shit dude you know I toured with
cable guy for four years yeah I know was
learned shit at that show no no but I
will tell you something I have a lot of
fun so
my brothers you know we're all
Northeastern Jews yeah brothers are all
like well I'm not gonna laugh at that
show I'm like come to the show yeah he
do you know and it used to kill me when
people would badmouth him do you know
and such a nice guy and do you know we
counted one night 372 punchlines in his
act yeah yeah that's crazy
372 it's just joke joke joke joke and
it's an hour and a half and so my
brother was like I'm not gonna laugh I
go let me tell you something you may not
laugh at 100 there's two hundred and
seventy two other punchlines yeah
everybody laughs at something sure and
then when I was wrestling with the whole
guitar thing because I have fun he's the
one who finally was like hey man you've
seen my act and I go yeah he goes what
do i do at the end of the act I go you
bring out the guitar he was how many
tickets do I sell and I was like and he
said your job your only job is to
entertain the people sitting in front of
you you can't entertain bill burrs crowd
or Joe Rogan's crowd that's not your
crowd right don't worry about their
crowd worry about your crowd and that
was the thing where I was like in my
crowd loves light-hearted I'm not saying
they don't and I don't work at my craft
I work very hard on my craft but and
that's the thing that I think I get
caught out where I felt like well maybe
I'm not providing the same amount of
entertainment because they're not
learning anything or they're not which
is not sure which is not true it's not
true because Mike Meyers Adam Sandler
those movies I mean it's not Schindler's
List which were they're not that funny
but right but I think it's like it's the
shit but it's the sheds where you go
like I should be this guy yeah I should
want to be like the people I admired but
do you think the same thing yeah yeah
for years you go I should be more like
this person I should be and that's the
shoulds that gets you in trouble
creatively until you just relax and go
like yeah but who am i what do I like
that's another thing like oh I like this
I like and you know what I like I like
farts but I also like to talk about X Y
& Z I like this and that and then fuck
all the rest you know you're good at a
couple things but only a couple
no you're really good at identifying and
staying true to like you're like what I
you know you're lame but that's because
I've done so many other mistakes like
wearing a white dress and doing naughty
and sort of nice that literally was so
far out of my lane for so many years
learning the feature and having just
dance like a monkey and just get
rebooked cuz I wanted to be comedian so
badly that I made all the mistakes I was
a hack I was a fucking racist I was a
you know and I mean like telling the
jokes in my movie I cringe looking back
at the stuff I did just to survive yeah
was that your most cringe-worthy joke
you think of you were like I can't
believe I used to tell this joke I think
my husband's balls I'm like you're nuts
or something stupid like that remember
like that my eye it's so embarrassing
too
people don't realize this but like most
comics you think about like the first
thing you put out and like I'm not I I'm
not totally ashamed of it but like I'm
not into those jokes that's why it like
it's it's upsetting to me like I put out
my first album in 2010 which means it
was basically what I'd been built for
ten years up to then and it was
definitely where I was touring with all
of 2009 and most of eight and it's like
you know I when those things come on I'm
like oh god like turn that somebody's
got to turn that off but then like my
dad will be like you know what I love
and he loves that first album and he'll
mention I'm like dude I don't I don't
know how to tell you this I'm not proud
of that like I don't want it I don't
want to talk about it if you had to
rewrite those jokes yeah would they be
completely different if you went back in
with your with you with like jokes and
five years ago for you yeah if you're
rewriting them would you go back in and
would they be completely different yeah
I think I think without a doubt they
would I mean I've never even really
considered that idea but I think without
a doubt because I thought it would be
always fascinating for somebody who's
super accomplished who's put out five or
six or seven albums or however many
hours to go back to that first hour as a
comedian and go okay if I was gonna
rework this album yeah what would I do
because because because your your point
of view embarrassing it has got to be
completely different
so it was it's totally different point
of view it's also totally or an approach
to stand up see some people I think the
reason my dad and people like him would
like that first album is it's basically
a feature acts you know I mean I'm
headlining for a couple years at that
point but it's all the bits you develop
it's like your whole my whole goal was
to kill and like there are a lot of
laughs but it's not I'm not being myself
on the album I'm like just a joke writer
you know I mean like I'm just like
exactly that takes time to meld you are
because you also are younger as a person
and if there's a process between out
then and now right like now I'm much
more but the version of Who I am on
stage is so much truer to Who I am
now then back then it was like that's a
writer performer who's just I'll talk
about I'll say this jokes I don't get a
laugh out of that you know I mean like
it's not like there's very little me
yeah you know it's interesting you both
have mentioned getting on stage or
performing just to kill yeah and so I
just filmed a special in Boise right
graduation oh thank you um what's it
called northeastern Jew boy that's what
I was going for but they're not for
whatever reason stupid yeah I tried kike
central in South Carolina once I got off
stage once the meet-and-greet line and
some dude was like hey man
and he thought he's being funny he was
like I don't normally think you people
are funny and I was like and I go you
people
it was exactly he said he goes you know
any winks tights my life tights with a
tee like is that South Carolina and
Myrtle Beach at the comedy club on the
boardwalk there and by the way I love
that he doesn't see any irony and I
don't think you people probably the most
prolific stand-up comedians of all time
and Jews a lot of kite fliers like we're
not out in the parks fly you're not that
jewy I would never pegged you is thank
you
I'll take that as a compliment it really
is Julia's re like
lori's expensively juice yeah like avi
Liberman I can understand somebody not
liking Jewish people things I did not
mean it by that and he has this did like
if you drew a cartoon Jew yeah that's
what that you'd look like art yeah no
why would you there's nothing it's not
yeah guys come on totally get that as in
general Jews are just well yeah I had
somebody online I'm having such a good
time
anti-semites are so funny to mess with
online I love trolling the trolls yeah
but this one dude was just going in on
me about how Jews aren't white and I was
like it was like but you it's not a are
Jews all the Jews are well it's a
religion yeah it's a religion is not an
ethnicity what I did want to ask you but
so special the the yeah yeah yeah so
this our of material mm-hmm this special
I tried to do something different
I start with one story and I end with
the same story it's basically one long
story Jesus now I go in and out with
some tangents yeah
but it's a story about how my son
challenged me to a fight and that how in
every young man's life will be this
right and how every young man's life you
know you look at your dad at least one
time and you think oh I could beat the
shit out of this dude Yeah right at
least one time oh you you think about it
no you may not do it but you fantasize
about beating the fuck out of your dad
at least once right yeah yeah yeah
there's that there's definitely a moment
in there where you're like and I
remember yeah yeah I can remember being
like I'm stronger than yeah I think I
could take him I think that's a Freudian
phase it's normal it really is but so
this hour it's interesting if you were
said hey give me your your funniest hour
of material that's not what this special
would be right but I think this is my
best special but okay it's interesting
that you say that because I think people
listening or who like you know follow
stanza go go wait a minute like you
don't want to kill isn't that like the
whole purpose and it's like it can still
kill and
we'll be really funny when you're not
sounds weird to say when you're not
going for killing in other words that
can be some of the funniest shit but
when it's when it's funny and it's true
to who you are
I know it's funnier it's better I wanted
I want first I wanted to do something
because I love telling stories that's my
right and I love telling long stories
and I used to be really scared of the
silence worse until somebody said hey
that means they're listening dude yeah
it means you're listening are really low
they're listening but so this special
for me is super scary because it's
incredibly personal yeah it's incredibly
personal and so I've gone back and like
recently I'm going back and forth to the
editor and I'm like are those first 12
minutes funny enough and he keeps he's
like it's in there not as funny as the
last 48 but he keeps saying you're
telling a story this is one long story
think of it as a script the first act
has to set up the story 60 minutes story
it's crazy it goes in and out right
right right to justify some things that
I do and that he does but yeah it's it's
love that man that's that's very cool we
have a name for it yet well it's one of
two
it's either Joshua father-of-the-year or
Joshua family first and I can't decide
which one I wanted family matters but I
understand there was a TV show I
understand that was not open but yeah
and I shot it myself
paid for it myself Wow are you shopping
at the beginning of January but you man
I don't know like that's a part of the
business that I don't know anything
about and I don't I don't know if
there's a bad place for it to live but
I'm excited for people to see it that's
great I really am excited that's very
exciting yeah another thing I was gonna
say that you're really good at I'm so
excited again yeah I talked about you is
you know you're really good at sharing
the personal and making it funny no so
you take like real the real things that
are really going on and I see you home
and craft and work out so like you're
special
it's fantastic yeah thanks ten no no it
but like see I I'll feel insecurities
about that
so like because I'll go like I don't do
I don't have the same approach yeah so
then I'll feel like that that like the
same thing we were talking about like
well that sucks I'm not doing and I have
to I have to get my set my headspace out
of like don't try to don't try to do
what Josh do a drill try to do a
Christina's doing don't get distracted
by let them do what they do well and and
I have to tell myself like just try to
do what you do and try to do that well
what do you feel like you would say for
both of you is your biggest strength as
a comic and your biggest weakness I
don't my I feel like my biggest weakness
is is is the theatrics of it like I
because I when I'm not confident I get a
little instead of going back to my craft
I just I get bigger and I think it's a
complete wrong way it's bigger as a
performer I get bigger as a reformer and
I'm ruining my own I'm taking away the
work part of it and I go for the easy
instead and by the way I don't think
there's a problem with getting bigger
but as long as you've already done your
work right cuz it can enhance the joke
but not making it the joke and my
weakness is too sometimes I take the
easy and I go for that I go way too easy
and I think that you'd like you said
it's from the road yeah but sometimes
easy for what's easy sometimes is your
first inclination yes but for the
viewers it's not theirs it feels easy to
you because that's your point of view
actually but 99% of the population won't
go to that thought because your brains
fucked up because you're a comedian yeah
and it's not because often the easiest
jokes I've had people are like you're so
fucked up that you think that way I'm
like really those are the most
celebrated sometimes things just feel
more natural throwaway line yeah
weren't gonna say it and then they're
like that's the signature that yeah Joe
Rogan saw one of my bits where I tell
people it's not worth it and it's in my
trailer
and I almost didn't put it in my
speciality I love that
wine and I was just a throwaway I
thought everybody thought that way yeah
that's crazy
isn't that crazy you just kind of under
your breath something on stage one night
and it's like what cuz that's the real
you that's the real and that's what
resonates all I think is the real
thought not the not the ego societal
filtered
that's why Kinnison was so great because
he which he would say what's in the lid
right the unfiltered societal fucking
hater and people were like yeah I hate
my wife to fuck it's that primal it's
what I love about you know I started
like I said I started with Joey Diaz
right yeah and Joey used to Bom Bom okay
he's so celebrated particularly by our
sir yeah of like fans and friends yeah
and like he's so naturally funny what
and you know I see him go onstage and
like the crazy thing about he's one of
these if you give him 20 minutes you
better back away from like be like dude
like when I did a show with him one time
he's like how you want to go I was like
you're going last yeah yeah I was like
dude no like I want no part of it no so
let me go up there stand still like I do
kind of slow burn my way through my set
and then you go up there with your
flamethrower and do whatever you want to
do he's like but like it's so great but
like so that's where he is now what like
what was his like what was he talking
about
Oh act like okay well first I agree with
you hundred percent I've always said I
would rather follow an hour of Joey Diaz
than 15 minutes of Joey because if he's
firing on all cylinders at 15 minutes
it's problematic over but you go back I
was gonna say his anger is what phew
like that kenderson thing people relate
when he dips into that yeah especially
if he's anger angry about something
trivial these fucking peanuts yeah you
gotta fight we have nobody can eat
peanuts anymore yeah it goes crazy on my
head yeah so he used to go onstage and
just tell jokes
I mean jokes he he closed his set
he would kill me if I told anybody this
but he used to close a set on a street
joke about you know something about a
French guy jizzing on some curtains
something like that but he would bomb
until three or four minutes into his act
when nobody was laughing and he would
get mad and then he would crush that was
him he his jokes were terrible but he
would be so as soon as he turned on this
one night it was so funny and you know
what's crazy about him if he on paper if
you looked at him you're like this dude
how is everybody gets offended right
yeah nobody nobody I've said that all
the time he says crazy stuff nobody and
it's fantastic nobody
cuz he's uncle Joey yeah it's his truth
I think that goes back to what you said
people except in when he talks about
racial stuff and it's like coming out of
him put together they're like they know
that's how this guy talks hmm they know
it's not like like he actually would be
like a defense that somebody else can't
use like that's how I talk they'd be
like that's fucked up that you say that
like for him without explaining it they
go that's just how like they they buy
into that yeah his vernacular that's his
just throw on the couch or something
babe I I heard him one night there was
two Asian women right up front yeah
and we're just we're here it might have
been at the haha and he was out of you
folks doing oh look at Gina he goes like
this Gina and he goes look at you two
you're hot you make me want to go home
and play karate kill with myself it
doesn't even make any sense they're
laughing yeah I mean it's in I've never
understood nobody gets offended by Joe
Diaz somebody also pointed out and I
believe this is true to that like
audience's sense intent yes you don't
have to go like I mean it to be taken
this way like they know when you are
hateful yeah
when you're like just you know you're
just mean it like in a friendly way
that's why the Twitter jokes don't work
because you can't tell tone yeah but on
stage I've always said that is that at
the end of the day it's not the word its
intent yeah yeah it's the intent with
the word that really bothers me so I
fucking hate Twitter I just I don't I
don't cuz you're you're missing so much
context and then people jump all over
you it's a big fuckin dog shit pile and
it's just an excuse for people to be
hateful I find it fun no it used to be
fun it used to be kind of fun and now
it's like no fun at all because you
can't even tell a joke without somebody
just to PC yeah everyone's fired up
about Trump and it's all misdirected
energy I think oh yeah I don't love date
I do hey man I got to remind you because
you told me something fantastic saving
the update this is time for a gentle
update Josh fool first of all you have a
beautiful smile thank you notice do you
take care of your teeth I try to yeah I
have to admit that I am NOT the most
regular flosser but I try to remember
okay I did chip four of my lower teeth
two weeks ago oh my goodness we had one
of those or
so we have one of those Arrowhead things
water things yeah and I was a maybe a
little high yeah and I was like it was
like I couldn't get the empty one off
yeah so I pulled super hard and just hit
myself in it and then I could say I
could feel the powder the teeth powder
all over my mouth and I oh no no no no
he ever chipped a tooth
yeah so you know the first thing you're
dreading is that mirror cuz you're like
how bad am I gonna look like because a
chipped tooth can dramatically change
who you are
yeah chipped tooth like one bad chipped
tooth you're like yeah that it goes from
now that this dude is like a success my
favorite people just go missing to life
they're just like I chipped his tooth
when I was 11 and you're like
you're 48 have you not been to a dentist
since you were 11 yeah but I mean that
is seems like a weird thing not to fix a
hundred percent man that's how this
segment basically started it was just
telling people to fucking put off an
iPhone put off a trip to Orlando just
get your fucking toothpicks Channel face
bro yeah it changes everything it's like
you said you look at some of your like
that guys got it together you see that
missing Guzman you like that guy's got
all come on yeah or the brown tooth one
brown tooth one Brown dead tooth by the
way like yeah just how about you just
you don't need a little bit of death
this month I mean just go get a tooth
and here's the thing it is what there's
some things in life it is worth worth
getting some debt on it's like someone's
like well you know I try not to live
debt-free take it take it take a couple
grand in debt you have all this and like
his paper should get focused
put it on plastic credit credit they
have programs but yeah cuz there's other
things that you it's gonna open up your
whole your whole world to things like
apples yeah celery yeah like a tough
garlic bread you know something like
that you have to chew a little bit
crackers man anything where you're like
my dad so my dad see they're fucked
they've always been fucked my dad's got
dad breath yeah my dad - but that's cuz
his teeth they're like yeah fucked
but you always you can tell he chooses
gum right up front because he can't chew
him on the side no I hate well I'm like
I hate watching you chew gum dude
because it's like you know what I mean
it's all up front because the back
molars and stuff he they are painful I'm
like let me just help you out man go go
let's go get ya the front tooth chew gum
guy is not you can't do that it's a baby
our next charity will be to take someone
like that we did a charity it's a good
idea to weigh thing this this yeah and
we you know we sold some merch and
raised a bunch of money and then we went
shopping bought tons of toys and - what
donated to Children's Hospital
of Los Angeles that's awesome yeah that
was great and there's a vlog of it if I
mentioned it before but if you go to our
our YouTube page your mom's house
podcast YouTube page which just passed a
hundred thousand subscribers
congratulations thank you there is a
vlog of us you know buying and donating
the yeah but now I feel like we should
maybe do a tooth one yeah we can pick
people in the audience can I throw some
and now we do the same thing we we went
down to a church in South Gate and this
dude took over this church in this
little area that's it's like a little
pocket that is luckily free from gangs
because the Mongol bicycle might not
bicycle motorcycle yeah they they have
like a motorcycle shop on that street so
the gangs don't come in there but this
dude we went down and donated this
mother of five daughters single mama
hadn't had a working refrigerator in six
months oh gee oh no she told me that she
kept her refrigerator in the backyard
because it kept the cook the food cooler
in the backyard than it did in the house
she is yeah so we provided like some
shit but they have a little this church
next door they all have a property they
have this great property and the guy was
like we want this to be boys and girls
clubs for this area but for the Arts
because the schools down there don't
have an arts program so he's trying to
make that place next the church being a
Boys and Girls Club but instead of
geared towards sports geared towards the
Arts
yeah and it's that's our next thing we
were I think so because he was like in
these neighborhoods especially in the
hood I just realized we have our thing
we're gonna do it for your dad yeah well
go to Maine awesome Bob Marley will do a
benefit for dude this is be a fucking
awesome awesome video it kind of would
be it would be if we do a pre-show and
we were like you want to do this news
like know my day raise money yeah I'm
pretty good the way they passed you'll
be passed out will give you from gas and
then you just wake up with no pain no no
I like chewing gum yeah
well cuz you do get you adapt to
whatever wackiness is happening in your
mouth like I had a bad a bad root canal
or whatever a calf so for years I would
just chew on the other side or she were
round it took ten years that way and so
I finally changed it I'm like I didn't
need to live like that but Tommy you're
a dental update I wanted you to talk
about in Hawaii you said that you floss
if we don't have dental floss with
business cards yeah yeah it's one of the
reasons I take business cards or you
know when you park and you park in a yes
a lot yeah they have like ticket comes
out I'll keep those in my wallet and
what happens is if you're if you're
somewhere let's say you're at dinner and
you you're in a restaurant and you're
like shit like it's like bothering it
you have something you don't feel like
steak steak I'll go to the bathroom pull
out my wallet right and I'll be like
okay I'll just go through my wallet here
you go and then that thing that's here I
just stick it right through so it's
clearly not a germaphobe at all because
that dude literally could have wiped his
ass but I forgot to give Tom a business
card so anybody who is gonna give Tom a
business card in the future just know
yeah practical jokes yeah yeah wipe your
balls yeah
but it really works and I'm telling you
when you're in that it either sometimes
it's a little thing and it just makes
you freaked I get it it's making you
yeah crazy and I'm like I can't get this
out of it from between my teeth where I
don't know you're like I said you're at
a restaurant and I just got to do
something
can I offer an idea that may sound crazy
straws but isn't it just as easy to
carry a little floss I'll forget in
other words like it's not your right I
could put a flossing in there and the
other thing you can do is flatten a
straw that starts to come together you
can shove that between your teeth
sometimes now another thing I've done in
a pinch is if I'm wearing tube socks
I'll pull a string out of the tube sock
that'll often work
is advanced shit right there you got it
because that's got some elasticity to it
you also it works it works I mean only
in a pinch though I don't do it every
day that's ingenious
it really is it's pretty smart pretty
smart but you have good teeth man I
appreciate it man we really do talk
about teeth a lot your son has good
teeth yeah he does we're very like how
old is he just turned 2 now have you hit
you in because I my kids are obviously
old have you hit that point what point
what age was he when you looked at him
and you were like I don't know what I'm
doing oh all times when he came out of
all the times right were you like I
don't have any idea and I can't do this
all the time I'm like I don't know he
hates me the first time I thought I
didn't know what I was doing he was a
baby he was in the backseat he was in
his car seat and I got out of the
minivan and I walked him back and I
looked at him and I was like you got
shit on your neck buddy like why do you
have shit on your neck and then you know
when they poop up yeah and I called my
mom I'm like they poop up she was like
yeah it's really weird I'm like yeah but
he was sitting up straight yeah in the
poop shot up his back and she was like
yeah it seems like yeah the better she
said just so you know like I go I don't
know how that happens she goes it's not
gonna be the first time you're confused
just let it just let it go there's some
long days where I'm like whoa you know I
mean like there's been days where Cena's
gone she's out of town doing a gig
nannies day off
and we'll start off and it's like
especially cuz you know people don't
realize it with adults but with kids
it's so evident about the beginning of
the day mood like he can wake up and
you're like this is a fucking angel like
he's just like like giggling oh it's
just all fun but kid wakes up in a bad
mood at that age like at 18 months and
like when when when there's whining and
crying and you're like well maybe you're
hungry oh you're not maybe wanna be
changed oh you don't maybe you want this
toy you don't and then like nothing
satisfies the wine dude you know six
hours into that my fucker know what to
do yeah it's it's so please take a nap
yeah oh and then now time comes around
it's Victor oh yeah
can't last long enough nap time is so
good you know what the most frustrating
thing is you're like why won't you take
a nap and then you're like well shit I
got to go out to the store and you put
them in the car yeah and they fall
asleep for the 10 minutes in the car
ride and you're like why couldn't you
fall asleep at the house no of course
not they just follow they wait they fall
asleep in the car we did an hour drive
to a hotel to uh and we're trying to
figure out when should we leave it's
like well he's gonna have breakfast it's
gonna have this morning time you know
check in the hotels like three should we
wait should we put him down for his nap
at one get up and then be down there at
like five or six and like everybody we
need all our friends were like dude
leave during that time he'll know just
still sleep in a car sleep on the way
now it's perfect yeah
we're like all right we don't we just
don't normally do we don't do that yeah
okay he fucking cried from the second
and it was like a 90-minute rap and like
like one of those scream cries screaming
for nine minutes straight and we just
pulled up we're like is the room ready
and they're like I think so Mike is
there a crib in there we can get one I'm
like do it fucking now
and I mean like that first day was us
unwinding it's a mental beating that's
screaming in your ear is such a mental
it is a metal baby breaks you - yeah you
could hold him and go you do a louder
shush into his ear and he would it would
sue them so like baby is here yeah he's
crying oh Sh and like that sound would
soothe him but there was times when it
wouldn't do it and I would catch myself
going in a motherfucker
I think the crying for me is the hardest
I don't give a shit about poopy diapers
or any of that stuff doesn't wear me
down as much as hard crying crying
because it makes you feel bad
it makes me feel like yeah like I'm
doing something wrong I've done
something wrong
why is he crying right or just the sound
I don't like the shrill I've done
something yes I talk about issues with
me and my shrink but I know I'm working
on it but but I go to I get panicky
because I'm I get afraid that it's never
gonna end
what if I can't figure out what's wrong
like even though rationally I know I
know the checks the boxes just like I'm
afraid of things getting out of control
for some reason you know what's funny is
and I think only because of circumstance
I honestly never felt that because when
my kids were young I was single and
there was three of them and so things
worrying about things like that I there
was too many no do you know what I mean
yes that was a that was not that I
wouldn't have if I I just didn't have
the time it wasn't even to think about
why is that me that makes sense though
there was no time that that there wasn't
time for that instinct which I'm sure
would have kicked in to kick in because
when he was crying there were two other
kids so I couldn't let that it's what do
you do when there's two other in one and
then how do you decide who gets what
attention like my thing is like if we
have another kid like what if they're
both crying at the same time like what
do you who do you deal with first or
what do you do what you learn is that
there's crying and then there's cry yeah
we know that one right so your cry is
not significant the fake cry yeah right
like so I know that cry that cry can be
cured with a capri-sun
you're right right so I am NOT going to
address that cry this crying here which
seems to involve blood yeah I'm gonna go
ahead and look at this cries we pick up
on that yeah we know yeah when they cry
and then look at you out of the side of
their eye like is this working then
you're like nah dude I'm not falling for
that shit and also what I found is that
sometimes the cry when they cry it out
themselves what I found like if they
were cry if they cried because they were
scared or they were hurt a little bit
sometimes and I felt at first I would
feel like a bad parent
I get this by the time I got to them the
crying was done I found the next time
their cries were shorter because they
were like I figured my way through this
last time so I know at the end of this
I'm actually gonna be okay so it was an
accidental good lesson for me but it was
accidental because I just was not I
didn't have enough to man hours to focus
on all three of them and look for sure I
put too much responsibility on my oldest
son sometimes I think about what I asked
the seven-year-old to do yeah listen I
need you to watch your brother he's six
months old yeah but here's what I need
you to do you but you don't when you're
in it you don't you know in it you were
in it you don't think about it at all
it's so bizarre right now looking back
I'm like I can't believe but I do think
if we have a second child like this is
so stupid even people like in dogs so
children because it's just not even the
same league but I will say when we had
the first dog FIFO and he was sick and
it was he almost died and then the
second dog came bitsy as a puppy and it
was way easier because I was like no
dogs barfing I don't give a shit he is
if he's not barfing more than five times
there's no need for the vet we should
make a list we should write a list and
see what we think who we think would be
I have to have to know because you'll
have some you know relationship with my
exponent would you would you want him to
be an athletic man or you're looking for
like a tall kind of track athlete or
yeah something like that
some good building speed yeah you you
can't you can't teach speed that's the
thing we're sighs yeah sighs the speed
you gotta be born with so we may be
wishes I have all that for sure okay
I'll keep my eyes peeled here is a clip
from Josh's new specialist out in Boise
oh no it's exciting see what the fuck
are you doing in the fucking gutter man
what the fuck is down there huh what the
fuck are you looking for
you can't in my gutter my cat is that
real this is real yeah yeah do you think
that there are drugs and/or mental
illness involved for sure I was about to
say he didn't drop his cat he dropped a
bag of something yeah and he was like
well I'm going this is our trauma
segment real life scene from it yeah you
know the opening of seen it great great
I'm gonna bawl so send you a video okay
that is one of my favorite not there's
one video I do want to show you guys
that I mean you can't just show all
willy-nilly but I'm gonna show this is
my favorite this is my favorite video
that I've seen in a long time you're
gonna message to me I'm sending it today
okay
there's a guy in the sewer right no how
did he get in there I don't know what's
supposed to watch one how do you get him
singing Amazing Grace he sounds like
he's taking a shit that's meta yeah but
that's a good place to shit it is a good
foot here's let's see what the guy says
[Music]
[Laughter]
where he also said I rode my bike he's
shitting shitting right why you should
go down to the gutter this shit yeah I
mean it's nice I mean he's saving water
I like that I appreciate you biome
analyst he's an environmentalist
everybody I hate when people go huh yeah
you know I'm asking you why you're in
the gutter right now by the way you
didn't hear the question you know the
only question I'm asked why think that
that grunting is actually him trying to
get out of pipes trying to get through a
space yeah so do you think he got you
you know how in some streets they have
that little opening where the water
drains uh-huh so you think he slides in
one of those we wrote his bike I don't
know if you heard him oh yeah well no
wonder he's stuck it's hard to ride a
bike I learned that huge opening on a
bike path yeah and then now he's like I
forgot which way that is I got to get
out so many drugs where is he I mean it
sounds like there's some work being done
gonna have to cut his arm off to get out
James Franco like this is a terrible how
what we had I was just thinking we had
dr. Drew here last week yeah and we
showed him a bunch of our classic clips
and and and he voted on whether there's
drugs or trauma involved
[Laughter]
between a doctor and a comment yeah
there's so much trauma there trauma is
our healing okay one more the video I
sent you is my favorite non dirty video
that I've been sent in a long time
okay because now most of the videos I
the most videos I get are like dude by
the way why that song like what is it
that's a dying no that says I'm so
fucked up right now I got to focus on
something else I need the Lord you ever
done that were you saying like have a
song to get through a bad time takes you
to your happy place yeah yeah like
during pap smears I sing Oklahoma if you
were like I'm gonna give you ten tries
and right out to set a two-sentence
description of what a pap smear is I'd
be like I don't know that I could just
the worst could you did if I said right
now what's a pap smear could you tell me
what it is you just scrape the pussy out
[Laughter]
pussy doctor scrape the pussy don't
scrape a pussy out dummy yeah okay
insert a speculum and I knew that part
open and then they put their tongue in
there and then they take a swab of your
cervical mucus yeah and they put that
into a petri dish and culture it and
that's a pap smear straight to pussy
yeah I got it right yeah I mean it's
it's it's a he's right it's horrendous
yeah haven't figured out how to do it
like lasers or something so I don't have
to feel that it really doesn't sound hey
I have this movie this video cued up
know what it is should I use play yeah
it's funny it just you know it's a it's
a dude trying to pronounce three words
okay okay it's and there's a lot of
great nuance to the just yeah it's one
of my favorites okay there we go this
one this one in the beginning in the
indeed in the beginning in the beginning
he shimmies he does a little bit he was
helped I mean he can't he can't do it my
favorite thing about that is who wrote
the speech form like didn't they run one
word hey listen here and didn't you look
and be like I can't say that word which
word the one right at the beginning yes
it bonini
mean in de in Divini mean it's one of
the thing they do is good a no leaking
where they a man's in us easily crew
like this by the other person like ice
cream and then what happens even poopoo
comes out the other poo-poos out and
then they eat the poopoo that is a that
is a creature in Africa for here which
country maybe Ugandan or something and
he was talking about homosexuality and
he's saying that gays eat each other's
shit I don't
yeah I don't think that's right is it I
know I don't think that's right but it's
rep that was the information that that's
his pitch yeah
as to why you shouldn't yeah in the
beanie in that be needing he tried so
many
oh that's the part that makes me kind of
sad though is that he didn't just go you
get it and then like next said my
favorite part is that he turns to the
people behind him to help and they're
just like beginning yeah yeah like he
was given amending the bending yeah
indie indie beanie in the beginning yeah
[Music]
beginning first the dance side of the
stage like yeah in the beginning in and
one point he points the crowd like he's
gonna say confidently in WT saying that
um when things start to go bad I'm just
gonna start going no I rode my bike I
rode my bike I listen I do think that
people don't ride their bike enough
nowadays though so I very true I'm happy
to see somebody out getting their
exercise did you see this this
Australian news team so like there's an
Australian news show and one of the
anchors is like they're about to go live
like in a couple minutes
mhm and she notes that the three people
who are about to appear on camera
wearing white and she's livid and she's
like tells the other one of the women
like I already fuckin told you that I
was wearing white but it's like this is
all stuff that wasn't supposed to air
but it was captured and then released
I asked her before we came on Julie you
need to put a jacket on I had time to
someone either I told you I told you two
hours ago we
and by room this is not I'm sorry I've
been flat out well your wardrobe and
we'll get something if you give me a
second if we can ask I'm not sure who
your lineup is today if there's just a
jacket floating around out there ask her
unless you want to run down see if
there's a jacket no you're right no
you're right because you told me it's
fine sandy but this can't be three of us
no and I you know I've made this clear
two and a half hours ago and but if it's
an issue I can get on out of here who's
an issue you go and grab a jacket I
Jenni someone it's someone able to grab
me a jacket please the Wardrobe girls
will be furious downstairs I'm wearing
blue for one ember I don't like it it's
someone that Jenny get someone if it's
not like producer I told it is two and a
half if there's one hanging up outside
the control room just get it on there's
a black one hanging out there's a black
one hanging up on the back if there's an
issue I can just head on out and get
back to work because I'm flat out I
genuinely forgot I know it's not your
issue but I did ask you only two and a
half hours ago this is the girl on the
other end doesn't care she's allowed to
wear hers because she already cleared
joining me today so I call it a sandy
ray in Melbourne and nan Julie smoke in
Sydney a big welcome to both of you
thank you for joining us good afternoon
this is a psychologist which is my
favorite part so it's somebody who's
prompting she has to have some I don't
know sense of yeah but if anyone the
middle girl should wear at the jacket to
break it off I agree like she should be
the one right but she told the other
girl I'm wearing white two and a half
hours who wouldn't 1/2 hours ago Jesus
Christ
18 times yes she did say she did mention
did I fucking tell you what I was
wearing that's what she wanted to say
yeah exactly what she wanted to say was
I made it pretty fucking clear I'm
wearing white two and a half hours ago
so this ship is not getting that yeah
she's not I don't know why women care
clearly it seems really trivial like if
that was 3d it's a five-minute saying
women always care like I went to the
party and she was wearing the same thing
I was like who fuckin I don't know yeah
no III will listen I hope nobody's
wearing what I wear because I well you
were wearing some cool stuff oh you know
I'm good structure I got a structure
shirt regard I'm gonna my own structure
card and I remember that's right people
knew I just saw this was this lady
getting a pap smear that's what it's
that's what it feels it feels when you
get your pussy scraped out yeah mrs.
Grandin okay I want to go back to one of
Josh's things you mentioned greatest
strength and weakness is it okay good
what do you think it is yours no or
yours your greatest strength and when
you fart powerfully goddamnit I think
you're so confident in your bits like
you really I just stick with a mediocre
shit sound okay no that's not okay is
also mediocre there you go yeah so do
you really but no I think you like I
watch you and I could never deliver
things the way you do you know how you
bet you the way you said you just kind
of your stillness yeah that can you move
man but dude that is powerful to hold
that many people for that long in that
being that still yeah I'd say that like
your your deliberateness it's really
look because that's one of the things
that makes young comic scared is right
right
yes scared of love any moment of
stillness or so well yeah Chris Rock and
he paces nervously like a panther
yeah that's nervous energy I believe
I've always felt that that was energy
that is oh fuck I better if I'm not
moving it also keeps an audience engaged
exactly that's what I'm saying he's
afraid of planting it yeah and being
still because that's a different muscle
yeah that's a totally different mindset
of how to engage the audience I've
always I've always looked at his comedy
as that stalking the stage fits his
material it does it's the energy great
mix for him I think it really it fits
his energy it fits his material it fits
how he attacked pay so yeah I I can't
like if I work I can physically walk
like that yeah I wouldn't like my
material would feel weird coming out you
know like it would not it wouldn't work
for me
yeah I would I would it would feel like
two things that just don't align what do
you think your biggest weaknesses man
that's interesting
that's a scary one you know when you
start thinking about your biggest
weakness I don't know man I
is it as a performer or a writer do you
think do you think your strength lies on
stage or in front of the computer you
know what I mean like some people are
born I think it's probably the weakness
is probably that in writing because I
don't write physically like I used to
write a lot and I've done the last three
hours with basically no writing just on
stage or writing on stage writing on
stage which my only like myself you know
analysis and and and diagnosis I would
give myself is that it's good to be able
to do the writing on stage but I should
add more of the writing off stage to
enhance it because the few times that
I've been like hey what's that bit and
actually written something down it got
better though it's like a laziness where
I go like yeah but it's good enough like
it's working without
be doing that yeah but if it works it's
a bad thing if it works it works but I
do think it can work better in other
words you feel like you're not doing
enough on that I do I do and like I mean
it's hard it's hard like I admit it I
don't like to admit it I know it's it's
it's like like if you're talking about
like working out you like yeah I live
weights and they're like do you ever do
cardio you're like nah but I mean still
strong yeah yeah you know I mean like
you're just like I I know it can get
better and it's laziness that's like a
reluctance to do the more work I do the
same thing that's what I think I know
this ain't right on stage more than you
do I know you liberabit you right in
front of a computer now let me ask you
something because I can't do it on stage
when I write in front of a computer
sometimes I get so worried about the
exact words yes that my naturalness goes
away because I'm thinking about the
exact words that I wrote I totally get
that do that but that's when you let go
of the written like I know what the
punch is but I know that that part is
gonna be worked out on stage cuz I'll
find my flavors up there
I just know that that's the writing and
then that's a performing you'll find
you're fine your cadence and shit up
there that's what I think but that's so
for you you right but the punchlines you
right you right you right right yeah
yeah I wish I could do more of that
I feel like I'm better grabbing the idea
of a story for me when I tell a story a
new story like I'm working on a story
right now that is like 16 minutes long
and I would love to get it down to 12 or
13 is what it feels like you should be
did a recent thing that happen yeah
I'm sorry but it's I the way I go with
my stories is that I tell them exactly
how they happened yeah the first five or
six times yeah I don't add any jokes
yeah I don't try to be funny because to
me the funny if the more truth I can
take with me yeah the better do you do
is that how you do it also Thalia I tell
I tell exactly how it happened and then
I kind of by like the tenth time I'll be
like all right like it has already some
some good laughs in it no like I like
this story I'm gonna stick to this story
but
then I'll start to be like something
about this section is just it's a lull
yeah yeah and so I'll either try to cut
something out of it or add something to
it you know like add some jokes to it
add an enhancement to the boring part
that's my question then so when you
enhance I I've found for me there's two
ways you enhance right you can either
enhance through heightened reality
mm-hmm or enhanced just through
punchlines yeah right how what generally
what do you do the heightened reality or
do you go a punchline route do you take
it I my inclination will be the
heightened wrap mine too
and then I say like six months into
telling that story and I'm almost like I
I know the parts that I really like but
it still has bland parts I'll start to
add a punch line or two to certain
sections because I feel like oh that's
really what it needs to be a completed
story like it needs a few jokes that's
interesting I I do almost the exact same
thing because for me like say I have a
story about well there was a story that
I tell in the special and the reality of
the story I was telling a story about
how my dad do I want to ruin the joke
right now
mmm yeah yes yeah but anyways but
there's a there's a way to where you're
like okay this is what really happened
and say it was something physical that
happened you're like okay that physical
isn't funny enough I still like the
story but what what part of being
physical can make it funnier you know
what's the funniest physical thing kick
in the nuts
okay well it's kick in the nuts funnier
than slap in the face which is funnier
than pushing the chest you know I mean
yes do you do the same way where you
amplify the reality like of course of
course
yeah and so for me it'll be something
I'll be like you know I don't know some
some action happens and like in reality
the guy that I set up in the story let's
say didn't say anything yeah but I'll
give him a line yeah because it's funny
and it kind of and it help and you know
move this the story is still moving
along you know but like it gets it gets
a big laugh so it makes the story more
engaging
you know so but like the guy really
didn't say but it doesn't exact thing
he also what you're having him say
doesn't take away from the truth of the
store no right right yeah it's just like
I mean it's like seasoning you know it's
like I caught a little salt and pepper
yeah like you're just you're just adding
a little bit to the thing to make it
taste better
yeah so it's like yeah but I'm not like
as I'm not saying like and then he
pulled out a gun and you know I mean
like it's not this whole made-up thing
right it's just it's an it's an
enhancement it makes me laugh um people
like is that story true I'm like did you
laugh yeah yeah I laughed and who
fucking cares if it's true the weird
ones are like when I got there's stories
where I've told like verbatim and then
people are like Campbell if you can make
something like that out this is a
hundred percent 100% story on my YouTube
page about my favorite practical joke
ever yeah which is but it's true and I
left the most outrageous parts out
because I'm like there's no way anyone's
gonna believe this shit that story above
all people like that's not true
yeah I'm like no that that that story is
actually true yeah I mean like I know
the the Mike Tyson story that I told
yeah yeah and my special and then I felt
part of it on come on Conan to him
people were like did you did you ever
have you ever really met him that is he
mad that you made up a story about them
like what you think I came up with an
elaborate Mike Tyson yeah and like and
then just scripted 50 lines to one
another and there's it's not what you
guys do like I mean people have their
own imagination sure how I'm like dude
I'm just telling you exactly how I met
this guy on a plane like isn't that
amazing when the exact story you don't
even have to like it's almost stealing
you're like so I can just tell the story
beginning to end
yeah no jokes I don't have to add any
jokes and I'm a genius and then people
are like yeah that's a crazy you know
story I'm like I just tell you about how
I met a dude you'll find when the kid
will just start to supply endless hours
of time waiting for it man yeah they get
why I had them yeah oh it's coming it's
can't wait for that stuff of like and
then I said go fuck yourself and I'm
like he can't wait till my
son stole one of my edibles oh my god
how old was he he was probably 16 at the
time
Oh 15 or 16 no not like kid kid but he
stole one of my edibles and Jew yep yeah
stole the Chi but you've a good dose
yeah that's what's in my drawer that's a
lot 175 milligrams strong and I went
back I went down into his room and he
was fucked up but I was just trying to
play with him a little bit you did oh
yeah man like that listen anybody who
doesn't once your kids have pubes did
you do the allowed to fuck with them
yeah you go yeah because it seems to me
my inclination would be to not act like
you know right I go down and he was
literally he was laying on his bed doing
this with his fingers yeah and I go to
his room and right when I walked in I am
like no he's fucked up like there's no
teenage boy laying on his bed just
someplace meddling with his family his
fingers on it so and I said to him I go
what are you doing he goes just trying
to figure something out and I say what
are you trying to figure out he goes I
don't think you'd understand all right
and I said can you stop doing that for a
second and he was like I don't think so
and I know just do his stuff for a
second man and he looked up at me and he
had this huge grin on his face and I'm
like he's clearly yeah and his like the
DEA is here oh I love fucking I'm like
hey you know I don't even know this but
people actually can't OD from week oh my
god I love listen when your kids get to
be a certain age my kids fuck with me
too like they have videos of I scare
easily so they have videos of them
scaring me but we have scaring contests
like all that stuff we go back to fun
right yeah we got to have some fun yeah
practical jokes are a lot of fun I took
to all the underwear out of my son's
drawer one one week and I've replaced it
with panties that had the days of the
week on it that's great
and he just screamed from his bedroom
these are my underwear I'm not wearing
these and I was like just put your
Mondays on let me see what they look
like but you know but they grow up with
a sense of humor of course my parents
were the opposite like they never would
let me play with them but the humor came
from the suffering I think like the
misery yeah like what I've been doing my
mom a lot with you where you're like
will you pass the remote control you'll
pass the fucking remote control like
everything was your mom I think you need
to add a syllable no competitive my
parents were the opposite of playful but
I think that made me want to be more
playful yeah by the way greatest
strength for you okay is it yeah yeah
yeah big mushy Purple's you're always
saying that Purple's
what there's purple I got purple nips
since I had a my kid and they just
haven't changed back totally purple like
Barney is purple not they're purple like
skin like purple man they're less purple
they're less purple than they were
they never I used to have nice Pinker's
and I have meeting apples deals himself
on me tea but the areolas is me I have a
meaty areola it's hot what what do you
I'm so self-loathing don't ask more than
what's your what's your weakness
just everything sucks there you go
that's that's that could be your
strength too I'd say my wingman as I
bail too quickly on premises I want to
go for like I won't stick to it and I'll
just bail cuz I'm like definitely
definitely one of mine too what do you
mean what do you mean what do you mean
really yeah like you go like I want to
talk about this
yeah and I'll pick I'll pick an angle
I'll pick a line you know I'll pick like
this is how I'll say it and I'll do it
and it's like yeah and I'm like mmm and
I'll go like another show kind of try it
there and then I'm just like well fuck
that
I just won't do it but yeah the concept
the premise is still in my mind yeah
here's to like okay god I should talk
about that but then you're like yeah but
I did try to talk about it didn't work
yeah you know you kind of just throw in
the towel early yes I'll bail on eBay
on stuff I know in my heart I want to do
I just don't know how yet and I'll be
like I got to get laughs right now
there's too much silence I gotta laughs
do you ever use this podcast to work on
your premises yeah one time I took a
yeah I think yeah that my new special
comes out January 12th on Netflix
what's the name it's called disgraceful
and there are people who listen to this
podcast will recognize entire like
almost entire bits that the origin was
like talking about something here or
finding something here and then talking
about a clip yeah you know and yeah
that's now like you know a bit and mice
in my act yeah how many specials if you
put out this is number this is the third
special but like the fifth related to
albums before so but the third special
but five hours of stand up yeah stand up
that's pretty fucking great very pro
philic combative very prophylactic
competitive right or competitive dude
yeah I second batted him up until like a
year ago do you think this will be
competitive yeah I don't know why and
she's always like I read you don't I do
not not say I really don't you mean
combative and she was like its I could
see that she was serious I'm like oh
this is so great that you don't know
yeah one for Tommy hello
I do have foreign parents and so I grow
sharing words incorrectly my whole life
see that's the difference she has two
foreign parents I have one foreign
parent so I always had the one to be
like don't listen well I read so much
your nice though you correct her I think
it's funny when my wife messes things up
yeah and I'll lead her into saying it in
public like she used to say that point
is MOOC oh so I used to try to lead her
down the path so she would say it in
front of the people we are
yeah that is that's fun it just for me
it's moot yeah MOOC is not yeah no MOOC
is a bad word yeah I don't know I know
we we always celebrate you know miss
saying words but also expressions you
know yeah and like even that's something
in in her act but like we've always
celebrated it and one that I actually
thought I actually thought that it was
this way for a while was I thought it
was ahead of the curb like like like the
curb on the on the road I didn't I
didn't think about it like that Edward
Norton movie where he curb stomped on
yeah yeah yeah so I thought when
someone's like oh you're ahead of the
curve I was like I liked a park well or
something like I don't know is accepted
it I was like yeah you're head of the
curb oh I thought you said a head on the
curb what kind of saying is that you're
a head on the curb your head on the curb
man no no I but like it took me I mean
I've known now the correct version for
years but I'm saying for many years I
did not
I thought you eminence front was living
in a trunk I'm sorry what cousin living
in a trunk
we're living in a trunk come on
you thought that was eminence front
which is a Pete sound and song cuz ima
is front I don't know this you thought
it was living in a trunk living in a
trunk it's not songs you can really get
wrong oh yeah yeah uh sayings err
embarrassing song singing at the top
your lungs embarrassing do you think
this will be Josh and his eldest son's
graduation or that his sixteen-year-old
son's graduation coming up
[Music]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Music]
I got it on video
[Laughter]
[Music]
real dad that is so embarrassing for us
missed a moment I know but then he had
like a really good laugh about it yeah
yeah see I would have been more pissed
about it I'll be so mad by the way as
you should have been yes the one time
that happens I'll get it next week no
that's it
like there's no more though he's like
celebrating I'm more upset with that
cheer yeah is the terrible dad I don't
like that one I my kids graduation my
all three even graduated from high
school already you know my youngest son
is 20 the way I thought okay I'm sorry
yeah my youngest one here youngest son
is 20 yeah what are you 68
pretty much your youngest my youngest
son is Tuan and then and then 24 and 25
my daughter's engaged she lives with the
dude and you have four grandchildren and
my oldest son is in the army and I go
for another you're like our age is
younger than me it's insanity its
insanity like sometimes you're Depp
you're definitely I mean unless
something horrific happens to you yeah
going to be a great grandfather I know
that's crazy
I I've thought of that before because
when I think of great grandparent yeah I
think if somebody who's like one step in
the grip the grave right old is your
eldest grandchild he's five years old me
six okay I mean theoretically if he has
one in his early to mid-20s that's 20
years from now I mean like that's not
thought that crazy well let's put the
math together so if he
one at the same age at my son had it
which is at 20 that's 1415 there is a
chance that if if his kid has a kid
early I could be a great great
grandparent that's wild
I'd say the picture that as being like
you have to be a hundred and four or
something like I've got any bear gonna
be like 70 yeah it's really bananas yeah
III but I will tell you the I you know
you always hear about the difference
between a parent a grandparent it's so
much easy being a grandparent has to be
you just walk the fuck out yeah they
were crying and I don't want to hear him
crying anymore it's hurting my son I go
I'm going back the hotel yeah he's like
you're not gonna stick around I'm like
call me when they're done crying like I
did that I'm gonna go back to the hotel
where it's quiet exactly but that's what
you've earned at that point I believe I
have earned that right to walk out of
the house you have I left them $40 for
loans among everything grab some lunch
yeah call me later see you're a good guy
yeah we got to get to this right before
before we wrap up here so we've been on
this thing where so my father turned 70
over the summer and at dinner one night
I and we have like a family reunion huh
I and my mom like I said it was foreign
I said mom you know dad this is the last
night 69 are you gonna 69 him tonight
before he turns 70 she was like what and
then and then everybody laughed and then
for the like kind of remainder of the
week we would always make just he's very
juvenile 69 jokes we since told our
audience every week they have been
sending in clips with a videotape asking
their parents are you gonna 69 20 70 and
it's been it's very silly and we get the
full range of reactions people are like
you know what we are more like sometimes
like what are you doing I'm like they
get really up mom's get real yeah some
of the moms get really really not happy
because and then some of them like you
know that's so juvenile which me laugh
the most so I got some new ones this
week here is the first one ask
are you gonna 69 before you turn 70 me
60 no how old are you so you're 69 so on
the last night of being 69 will the two
of you 69 a little dog vest on you see
that he's got a little dog in that he
it's cute is that a possum Chihuahua or
even a breast like their dads always
want the 69 it's the moms who say no no
because it sounds like a good time yeah
this is a bye Jay looks like there some
people have now figured out to not share
their full name otherwise their name
gets read
here's Canadian Christmas by Eric
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Laughter]
that was very good this one that was
shock and awe yeah there was respond a
lot of people in the rooms kind of
looking around each other there's one by
Dean
mom dad died before he turned 70 right
yeah were you guys planning on his
birthday
so last night him being 69 where you
guys gonna 69 no okay so it's official
you guys were not 69 birthday okay I
love you mom I'm not doing well has
anyone asked about the suppose at 69 for
the dead man but is that a new one
that's a new one yeah that's a new angle
he's like dad died way to be creative on
that one here's one by Brooke do I think
we'll be together why yeah yeah because
on like your last night at be in 69 are
you gonna 69 you know what it sound with
the way she said that it made it sound
like you know like popping a wheelie on
your bike trick she hadn't done well
haven't done that since I was a kid
do you remember though how we were
talking about how like when you're a kid
you think that that'll be the
mountaintop greatness like this is a
total this hair not fun no it's not a
good one and like enjoy what's feeling
good to me because I'm busy over here it
just work yeah it's it's really and it
also has to be sometimes when the bodies
don't match up it's a real difficult
when
there's a little height difference yeah
it really makes it difficult for one of
the people because you really got a you
know
yeah you got a there's some effort
involved it's a real novelty a couple
more here here's Jamie my dad just
turned 70 only 69 well when he was 69 on
the last day
did you 69 and those are so my
favourites is when they're like yeah
we've gotten a bunch of those when
they're like why would you ask me I do I
like the kid the kids art on the
refrigerator that adds a little nice and
home units to it goes back to cleaning
like this like when I don't like the
question I don't answer today mom that's
my favorite yeah yeah mom and we are by
the way asking this is what ten-year-old
you know I mean like when you're 10 yeah
[Laughter]
that's great last one by Adrian this
dude 16 eyes so this is obviously a big
milestone on to hit 60 right so geez
struggling again you know on your 16 the
night at your 69th birthday before you
certain you turn 70 are you guys gonna
69 I do like how high that dudes jeans
were so do I did you see that
observation tight those were I ants look
at that look at that clearance right
there yeah and look how tight right here
I'm saying there's a lot of real estate
from the crotch up to where that waist
is now
listener he for once did the mom
reaction he was like grow up she was
like I guess so immature I really feel
like that's gonna be a gift that keeps
on giving for you guys oh yeah these go
on forever you'll be getting those
forever oh my god we get we have to cut
down the ones we show because we can't
just show them for an hour but yeah they
they have not stopped first of all oh
where can people see you working people
here you work working people okay I am
at Josh wolf comedy is basically all my
social media comedian Josh wolf calm for
tour dates my special which I'm either
gonna call wolf with for F's it's Josh
wolf with 8fs in to ease it was a German
spelling so no no II one F and I have a
podcast that I do with Freddie Prinze
jr. called Prince and the wolf can
Freddie Prinze you nice he is such a
good guy Wow and has stories 69 you I'm
that's gonna be my next question the
best stories and the greatest stories
about his dad legendary legendary
stories but plus great stories you know
he had it has had a great career his
wife you know Sarah yeah great career so
he great stories dude very and very
funny so what's the podcast called it's
called prince in the wolf prince in the
wolf behind a weekly show the weekly
show on itunes and yeah that's it I'm
gonna get your website comedian Josh
wolf calm for tour dates all right
thanks first of all for coming over
thank you are let's see art we have a
lot of songs made by our listeners and
the one we're going out on today is
called identity identical dicks and it's
produced oh it's a young patreon
identical dicks produced by Taylor King
so we'll leave you with that thanks for
listening we'll see you guys next week
thanks again Josh thank you thanks mommy
[Music]